Create ui-c8y-1022-21-6-edit-button-for-asset-properties-widget-not-working-when-specific-property.md (#3656)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-21-6-edit-button-for-asset-properties-widget-not-working-when-specific-property.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed edit button in Asset Properties widget when displaying nested properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed broken edit button in Asset Properties widget when displaying nested properties
```

> title: Fixed non-functional edit button in Asset Properties widget when displaying nested properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed edit button in Asset Properties widget when displaying nested properties
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61692
version: 1022.21.6
---

> Edit button for Asset Properties widget was not working when nested property with dot in the middle meant to be displayed. It is fix now and nested property is displayed and edit button is functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when adding a nested property containing a dot in its name to the "Asset properties" widget configuration, the edit button became non-functional, preventing users from modifying the asset properties. This issue has been resolved. The "Asset properties" widget correctly displays nested properties, and the edit button remains functional, enabling users to edit asset properties as expected.
```

Reviewer: Why don´t you like the AI suggestions :-)? They actually match the phrasing we want to use in change logs. Or are they wrong?

Reviewer 2: I have to admit that at least this one is correct, I'm just not a fan of verbose release notes, I like it brief and precise :) but I will try to be more open to AI suggestions

Reviewer: I think we must find a good compromise here. I usually delete one or two sentences at the beginning or at the end, which are not needed, but in general, it is what we want. Context > Change > Impact.

> Previously, when adding a nested property containing a dot in its name to the "Asset properties" widget configuration, the edit button became non-functional, preventing users from modifying the asset properties. This issue has been resolved. The "Asset properties" widget correctly displays nested properties, and the edit button remains functional, enabling users to edit asset properties as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when adding a nested property containing a dot in its name to the "Asset properties" widget configuration, the edit button was broken, preventing users from modifying the asset properties. This issue has been resolved. The "Asset properties" widget correctly displays nested properties, and the edit button remains functional, enabling users to edit asset properties as expected.
```
